Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. - Abraham Lincoln
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. - Chinese Proverb
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Anonymous
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that is changing quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." - Anonymous
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"The only way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln